[DOCS-14522] Update incident trigger documentation (#37180)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/actions/workflows/trigger.md

## Incident triggers

Incident triggers can run a workflow automatically based on incident events, or manually from within an incident.

<div class="alert alert-info">To set up incident automations within Incident Management, with incident context built in and no additional billing, see <a href="/incident_response/incident_management/setup_and_configuration/automations">Incident Automations</a>. Use a workflow with an incident trigger when incident events are one trigger among others, or when the workflow is managed outside of Incident Management.</div>

To add an incident trigger to your workflow:
1. From the [Workflow creation page][6], scroll down to the Trigger options and click {{< ui >}}Incident{{< /ui >}}.
1. Select the incident event type that should trigger your workflow, such as when an incident is declared or updated, or on a recurring schedule.

>    1. For a manual trigger, Workflows creates a handle which you can use in monitors or [incident notification rules][16].

Reviewer: If there's just one sub-step, there's no need for it to be numbered/lettered. This could be a plain paragraph (check to see if this aligns correctly, hard to tell in GitHub):
```suggestion
   For a manual trigger, Workflows creates a handle that you can use in monitors or [incident notification rules][16].
```
